Ok next time in my office
That's not what it means.
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
The last time you told me to respond to your feelings
So I thought about it.
You are in no hurry to answer me.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
I invite you to my birthday party
I have a surprise for you then.
Miss Su, Excuse me.
I go I go
Miss Su, this is Mr. Ji's intention
Mom, you have to take your chance this time
Whether I can find a way depends on you
Obviously it's his birthday
And gave me so many precious things
That's not good.
I think it fits.
Take it if it suits you.
Anyway, you have to return his gift for his birthday.
It's too late. My mom is in love.
Handsome dad, you don't have a chance
For you.
Hmph, you won't put Bloody Eye's favorite perfume
Give it to Yan Ting